when kyc is done and when the campain is launcged first the admin should approve it and it can be view what the campain has and all stuff by the admin in the admin portal and he can accept it and deny it and hte user can see the status of the campain if its approved rejected orunder review and also when the user campain gets approved and all he can see his campain in his dashboard he can also edit the stuff of that campain and all things he has done but if any changes are done like high critical changes are done then the admin needs to approve it and then the campain will run again until that he cant run the campain and also user can view his own campain in the dashboard of his own and also he can create multiple campains but there would be some criteria for the same to build more than 1 campain so add it according in the prompt and also in the dashboard create a section for all the things his approval status of all stuffs whether he is whatever his name and all stuff bro his full info and all and completethe profile regsitation and also can view his campain and there can be his eit options and also can see how much he has been funded in the total campain and tell it to make a sexy dashboard for the things i told which are valid for the same which can be added in it for the admin portal things i told u in the above prompt ill paste below View Profile – Opens the user’s detailed info (submitted KYC docs, campaign history, contributions). Approve / Reject KYC – Directly change their KYC status without going to a separate screen. Edit User Details – Update name, email, or account type (if needed). Suspend / Ban User – Temporarily or permanently block platform access. Send Email / Notify – Send quick messages or warnings to the user. View Campaigns – See all campaigns created by the user (if any). Delete Account – Full removal of the user from the database. Export Data – Download user-related data for compliance/audit. If you want to make it hackathon-worthy, you could also add: Impersonate User – Admin can temporarily log in as the user for debugging their issue. Reset Password – Trigger password reset email or set a new one directly. Flag for Review – Mark the account for future investigation without banning. here if the account is flagged he cant do anything in the website he will be blocked from doing everything but he can just do the normal things of his own and but cant do makor things and also he needs to submit an application for approval of the things u think what to do and also the form will be see by the admin in the admin portal and also he can approve /reject/under review status for the form and acocrding to it he will get the notification if he is accepted then it will be normal and if denied he cant do anything same for the under reviw asi told u in the dashboard he can see his every status of the things he has done like i hope u underdtsna dhwta to add lmaoooo lfmaooo and also yes thanks